template(spa): Provide example of server that can handle SPA routes (#8707)
remix-run/remix: templates/spa/README.md

## Production

When you are ready to build a production version of your app, `npm run build` will generate your assets and an `index.html` for the SPA.

```shellscript
npm run build
```

> You can serve this from any server of your choosing. The server should be configured to serve multiple paths from a single root `/index.html` file (commonly called "SPA fallback"). Other steps may be required if the host doesn't directly support this functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then serve your app from any HTTP server of your choosing. The server should be configured to serve multiple paths from a single root `/index.html` file (commonly called "SPA fallback"). Other steps may be required if the server doesn't directly support this functionality.
```

Author: Updated the `readme.md` to match the changes made in the `dev` branch at 787648f7. Hopefully this minimizes any conflict on branch merges.

For a simple example, you could use [sirv-cli](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sirv-cli):

```shellscript

> npx sirv-cli build/client/ --single --ignores "^/assets/"

Reviewer: Do we need `--ignores "^/assets/"` here?  It seemed to work ok for me without that?

Author: It does work without it, but the http server would then return `200 OK` along with the `index.html` contents for any missing assets.

Author: For example, I'm not sure how Remix detects that it needs to perform a reload because the files on the server got updated. Would that feature be impacted if the assets never `404`?

Author: I should have tested this. Missing asset files will 404 because they have a file extension.

This could be considered a limitation of the `--single` mode where any path with an extension not fall-back to `index.html`.
